In the last section we finished the download of Android studio.
So if I open up my downloads folder I should now see and I know the sex is very small right now.
But bear with me I'm on the Windows machine.
This one is not my Windows machine is not really set up for recording video as well as my Mac is.
Anyways back on topic.
This is our Android studio right here.
The installation file just started up the installation.
And this is in installation as in take a very long time to finish.
So we're going to start it up right now.
Install a couple of things and then probably take a 15 minute break to be honest and then come on back
and work at the Android studio.
So we'll get the launcher.
Here we go.
Android set up next we get prompt with three options here the studio SDK and virtual device.
And we want all three of these.
So we will leave them all checked go into the next.
It's a license agreement if you want to read it certainly feel free to do so.
I agree.
This is very critical very critical down here on the second link.
We've got a link to the SDK.
All right.
So link to the SDK.
I want you to take note of this.
The second term inside of your I guess third.
So I've got C users.
And then your user name for your particular machine is very relevant later on.
So for me my user on the machine I'm currently on I am logged in as computer because you know this is
what I called my log in yours might be like Matt Jane whatever your logon name is.
Just keep that in mind.
So I'm not going to change any links in here.
And I highly encourage you to not change them either.
We'll go next.
You can change the name if you would like and leave the same.
And it finally will start out the insulation.
So this right here is the part that is probably going to take a very long time.
Trust me this progress right bar right here is quite deceptive.
This will probably end up taking a bit longer than we think.
So all this runs we are going to do a little bit.
Or just another piece of installation.
Might start menu.
I'm going to open the start menu and then just type in command and this is going to open up the command
prompt.
I'm going to right click this and run it as administrator.
So please make sure that you do launch this as an administrator.
And so here I am at my command prompt at this point in time.
We've already installed both node and Python.
So just to test out the installation I will type node dash Daschle and I see here a version 6.6.
So you want to make sure that you correctly see some number print up here.
If you see something that says unrecognized command Well something is definitely off with the node installation
and we'll need to do a little bit of troubleshooting the next thing we're going to do is install the
re-act native command line tools the rack may have command line tools have exactly two purposes.
First off it generates a new project which is which is what we're really concerned about right now in
its second purpose is to test our projects inside of the Android simulator.
We can install the re-act native command line tools by running an install DSG react native CLID.
So this will take just a second to install it's a rather small package and there we go.
We are.
We are now going to use the re-act native CLID generate our first project.
So by default chances are your command line is opening you up in a Windows system 32.
It's not really a fantastic place obviously for placing a re-activated project.
So I'm going to change to another drive for myself.
Basically you can take yourself to wherever you have your workspace right.
Any any projects you want to place you might be in my documents or wherever it might be.
In my case I've already got a folder called re-act native and so inside of this folder I'm going to
place my new re-activated project that we're going to generate right now.
So once I'm inside a place where I can store my re-act native application I will use the re-act need
of Selye that we just installed by writing re-act dashed native init and then albums.
So the first part here is a reference to the command line tools that we just installed.
The first argument to that is in that which is us telling it hey please initialiser create a new project
and then a third term here.
And the second argument is albums.
So this is telling we actually know that we want to initialize a new project called albums.
So hit enter and it will do its own little thing.
Now installation of a new re-active project can take a little bit of time.
Like Definitely I have to do a little bit of time.
So while this is running let's go back over and check out our Android installation.
So I'm still only at 16 percent.
So I think that this would be a fantastic time to go ahead and take a break and when we come back we
will have the Android SDK completely installed and we will also have our re-act native Project installed
as well.